fix(compose): allow overriding the IScopes used by SentryTraced via LocalSentryScopes (#5838)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

- Skip building Android manifest metadata debug log messages when debug logging is disabled, reducing allocations during SDK init ([#5790](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5790))

> - Add `LocalSentryScopes` to `sentry-compose`, allowing `SentryTraced` to trace against a custom `IScopes` instance instead of always defaulting to `Sentry.getCurrentScopes()` (#2668)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `LocalSentryScopes` to `sentry-compose`, allowing `SentryTraced` to trace against a custom `IScopes` instance instead of always defaulting to `Sentry.getCurrentScopes()` ([#5838](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5838))
```

> - Add `LocalSentryScopes` to `sentry-compose`, allowing `SentryTraced` to trace against a custom `IScopes` instance instead of always defaulting to `Sentry.getCurrentScopes()` ([#5838](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5838))

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Unreleased

### Features

- Add `LocalSentryScopes` to `sentry-compose`, allowing `SentryTraced` to trace against a custom `IScopes` instance instead of always defaulting to `Sentry.getCurrentScopes()` ([#5838](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5838))
  - Example usage:
  ```kotlin
  val scopes = Scopes(options)
  CompositionLocalProvider(LocalSentryScopes provides scopes) {
    // this uses customs scopes now
    SentryTraced(tag = "custom") { Box {} }
  }
  ```

### Improvements

- Skip building Android manifest metadata debug log messages when debug logging is disabled, reducing allocations during SDK init ([#5790](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5790))
````

Author: Applied — thanks!
